Get Started Docs PayPal Commerce Platform for Business Overview Get started Accept Payments Make Payments Test and Go Live PayPal Commerce Platform for Marketplaces and Platforms Overview Get Started Onboard Sellers Accept Payments Make Payments Manage Risk Streamline Operations Test and Go Live PayPal Commerce Platform for Enterprise Overview Accept Payments with Braintree Make Payments with Hyperwallet Manage Risk with Simility Docs Catalog See All Docs APIs Tools Reference Design Guidelines Glossary Developer Tools Sandbox PayPal Demo API Executor API Status Test Credit Card Generator Regional Codes Currency Codes Country Codes State and Province Codes Locale Codes Support PayPal.com Search Marketplaces and Platforms Onboard Sellers Onboard Before Payment Onboard After Payment Build Onboarding into Software Onboarding Checklist Accept Payments Checkout Set Up Payments Immediate Capture Delayed Disbursement Advanced Credit and Debit Card Payments Configure Payments Alternative Payment Methods Multi-seller Payments 3D Secure JavaScript SDK Orders API 3D Secure Test Scenarios Add Capabilities Authorize and Capture Handle Funding Failures Reference Authorization and Honor Period Style Guide JavaScript SDK Supported Alternative Payment Methods Advanced Credit and Debit Country and Currency Availability Invoicing QR Codes for Invoices Subscriptions Capabilities Pricing Plans Billing Cycles Pause or Resume a Subscription Upgrade or Downgrade a Subscription Change Subscription Quantity Start a Subscription on a Future Date Offer a Trial Period Charge a Setup Fee Payment Failures and Recovering Balances Customize Subscriptions Make Payments Manage Risk Cancel Pending Payments Issue Refund Streamline Operations Reports Create SFTP account Marketplaces Case Reconciliation Report Partner Fee Report Payouts Reconciliation Report Transaction Search API Developer Resources Get Started Develop Design Guidelines REST API URLs API Idempotency Currency Codes Country Codes State & Province Codes Locale Codes Categories and Subcategories Test and Go Live Sandbox API Simulation Tests Get Started Get started integrating the PayPal Commerce Platform by getting your API credentials and sandbox account information. Get API credentials Your API credentials are a client ID and secret, which authenticate API requests from your account. While you're developing code, use these credentials when you test API calls in our sandbox (test) environment. You get these credentials from a REST API app in the Developer Dashboard. To get these credentials: Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. Under the DASHBOARD menu, select My Apps & Credentials. Make sure you're on the Sandbox tab to get the API credentials you'll use while you're developing code. After you test and before you go live, switch to the Live tab to get live credentials. Note: Live credentials are only available to approved marketplaces and platforms. If you are interested in becoming an approved marketplace or platform, fill out the PayPal Marketplaces and Platforms form. Without this approval, calling the PayPal Commerce Platform for Marketplaces and Platforms APIs with your live credentials results in the HTTP status code of 401 Unauthorized. Calling the PayPal Commerce Platform for Marketplaces and Platforms APIs with your sandbox credentials does not require approval. Select Create App. Under App Type select Platform - Move payments to sellers as a platform (marketplace, crowdfunding, or e-commerce platform). Select Create App. Step result The page displays your API credentials, including your client ID and secret. Exchange your API credentials for an access token Your access token authorizes you to use the PayPal REST API server. To call a REST API in your integration, exchange your client ID and secret for an access token. You can make the API call in any programming language. The following sections explain how to get your access token using cURL or Postman. cURL Copy the following code and modify it. curl -v POST https://api-m.sandbox.paypal.com/v1/oauth2/token \
  -H "Accept: application/json" \
  -H "Accept-Language: en_US" \
  -u "CLIENT_ID:SECRET" \
  -d "grant_type=client_credentials"
 Change CLIENT_ID to your client ID. Change SECRET to your secret. Postman In the Postman app, complete the following: Set the verb to POST. Enter https://api-m.sandbox.paypal.com/v1/oauth2/token as the request URL. Select the Authorization tab. From the TYPE list, select Basic Auth. In the Username field, enter your client ID. In the Password field, enter your secret. Select the Body tab. Select the x-www-form-urlencoded option. In the KEY field, enter grant_type. In the VALUE field, enter client_credentials. Select Send. Step result PayPal returns an access token and the number of seconds the access token is valid. When you make calls to a REST API, include the access token in the Authorization header with the designation as Bearer. Reuse the access token until it expires. When your token expires, call the v1/oauth2/token method again to request a new token. Sample response {
    "scope": "https://uri.paypal.com/services/invoicing https://uri.paypal.com/services/disputes/read-buyer https://uri.paypal.com/services/payments/realtimepayment https://uri.paypal.com/services/disputes/update-seller https://uri.paypal.com/services/payments/payment/authcapture openid https://uri.paypal.com/services/disputes/read-seller https://uri.paypal.com/services/payments/refund https://api-m.paypal.com/v1/vault/credit-card https://api-m.paypal.com/v1/payments/.* https://uri.paypal.com/payments/payouts https://api-m.paypal.com/v1/vault/credit-card/.* https://uri.paypal.com/services/subscriptions https://uri.paypal.com/services/applications/webhooks",
    "access_token": "A21AAFEpH4PsADK7qSS7pSRsgzfENtu-Q1ysgEDVDESseMHBYXVJYE8ovjj68elIDy8nF26AwPhfXTIeWAZHSLIsQkSYz9ifg",
    "token_type": "Bearer",
    "app_id": "APP-80W284485P519543T",
    "expires_in": 31668,
    "nonce": "2020-04-03T15:35:36ZaYZlGvEkV4yVSz8g6bAKFoGSEzuy3CQcz3ljhibkOHg"
}
 Get sandbox account information Use your sandbox accounts to test purchases without affecting real money. For example, when you initiate a purchase through a sandbox account, PayPal creates a test purchase that simulates a purchase in the live environment. To test purchases, you need login information for your personal and business sandbox accounts. To get that account information: Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. In the Developer Dashboard, under SANDBOX, select Accounts. Under Account Name, find your personal sandbox account. Under Manage Accounts, select the (...) button for your personal account. Select View/Edit Account to display your email ID and a system-generated password. Repeat these steps for the business account. Once you have your sandbox login information, use your sandbox to test the result of API calls while you're developing. With your login, you can: Log into the sandbox with your personal sandbox login information to simulate a buyer making a payment. Log into the sandbox with your business sandbox login information to simulate the merchant receiving the payment. Code and credential reference Here are the codes and credentials you use when integrating and testing your integration: Item Description How to find Client ID (sandbox) Used to generate the access token required to make PayPal API calls in sandbox. Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. Under the DASHBOARD menu, select My Apps & Credentials. Client ID (live) Used to generate the access token required to make PayPal API calls in production. Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. Under the DASHBOARD menu, select My Apps & Credentials. Select the Live tab. Note: Live credentials are only available to approved marketplaces and platforms. If you are interested in becoming an approved marketplace or platform, fill out the PayPal Marketplaces and Platforms form. Without this approval, calling the PayPal Commerce Platform for Marketplaces and Platforms APIs with your live credentials results in the HTTP status code of 401 Unauthorized. Calling the PayPal Commerce Platform for Marketplaces and Platforms APIs with your sandbox credentials does not require approval. BN Code Used in your API requests to identify the caller as a PayPal partner. Required for PayPal reporting. See PayPal-Partner-Attribution-Id for more information. Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. Under the DASHBOARD menu, select My Apps & Credentials. Select your app. Under APP SETTINGS, view BN code. partner-merchant-id The partner merchant id or payer ID is a unique identifier assigned to every PayPal account. This value does not change over the life of the PayPal account. You need a PayPal account for yourself (which has one payer ID), and each of your sellers need their own PayPal accounts (which have their own unique payer IDs). Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. In the Developer Dashboard, under SANDBOX, select Accounts. Under Account Name, find your sandbox account. Under Manage Accounts, select the (...) button for your account. Select View/Edit Account to display your account ID. seller-merchant-id The seller's payer ID associated with their merchant PayPal account. You find this value the same way you find the partner-merchant-id. Log in to the Developer Dashboard with your PayPal account. In the Developer Dashboard, under SANDBOX, select Accounts. Under Account Name, find your sandbox account. Under Manage Accounts, select the (...) button for your account. Select View/Edit Account to display your account ID. Next steps You can now use your API credentials and sandbox account information to start your integration. See also REST API URLs — Learn more about the sandbox and production URLs of our REST APIs PayPal sandbox — Learn more about using the PayPal sandbox to test API calls and money movement while you're developing. Developer Docs Catalog APIs Engineering Blog About Us Support FAQ Help Center Technical Support Community Contact Sales Tools PayPal Demo API Executor API Status Sandbox GitHub Partner Directory PSD2 Compliance Family PayPal Braintree Hyperwallet Simility Privacy Legal Contact © 2020 PayPal ╳ ╳ Popular Search Queries sandbox client id and secret IPN (Instant Payment Notifications) refund payments buttons PayPal Help FAQ's Tech Support Community PayPal Community Test Credit Card numbers for use on PayPal sandbox Merchant Security Upgrade Testing Inserting company logo in payment page Checkout as Guest Option Turned on, but option not available to customers Create specific paypal button for 3 types of payment options Load More Clear All