Braintree Support Articles Skip to main content Braintree a PayPal Service Support Articles Developer Docs GraphQL Docs & Tools Open search icon Search Braintree a PayPal Service Search glass icon Hit ESC to close Support Articles search results icon From Support Articles Start typing to search Developer Docs search results icon Developer Docs Start typing to search More in Developer Docs Get Help Sandbox: Sign Up Log In Production Control Panel Log In Become a Merchant Contact Sales About Get Started Control Panel Guides Risk and Security We've launched our GraphQL API See the docs Integration Experience Survey Let us know what you think about our developer docs and the Braintree integration experience. Would you recommend a Braintree integration to another developer? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Not at all likely Extremely likely What 3 things are most vital to good integration documentation? Tutorials API Reference Copyable code Clear, consistent content Runnable example repos Easy access to support Navigation & search Design & usability Rate your integration experience with our developer docs so far: Didn't meet expectations Met expectations Exceeded expectations Where are you in your integration? Select an option Still researching Currently integrating Recently integrated Maintaining/enhancing an established integration Other What size is the organization you are integrating with Braintree? Startup Small & medium business Enterprise Can we reach out to you for future surveys? Email address (optional) This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Hide for now Submit answers Support Articles Learn about the business side of processing with Braintree. While our developer docs cover all the technical integration details, here you'll find information on the basics of processing and how you can use our features to best fit your business. Open search icon Search Articles Popular Articles Getting Started We offer a variety of products that make it easy for you to accept payments in your app or website. These articles cover the basics to get you set up. Learn more: What You Will Need Payment Method Availability Testing More in Get Started Transactions Braintree provides robust reporting and transaction management for your payment processing needs. These articles cover transaction management, statuses, declines, and more. Learn more: Transaction Lifecycle Declines Refunds, Voids, and Credits More in Transactions Payment Methods Integrating with Braintree offers your customers many different ways to pay. These payment methods can be added to your checkout. Each payment method differs in availability, configuration, and implementation. Learn more: Venmo PayPal More in Payment Methods The Control Panel The Control Panel is the user interface for your Braintree integration. You can manage your transactions, generate reports, enable new features, and manage your users. Learn more: Important Gateway Credentials Managing Users and Roles Reporting More in Control Panel Get help from a human Submit a request for help with your Braintree sandbox or production account. Get Help Get Started Overview Payment Methods Currencies Transaction Lifecycle Get Paid Try It Out Data Migration Explore Control Panel Overview Users and Roles Important Gateway Credentials Search Transactions Vault Reporting Webhooks Custom Fields Tools Account Updater Braintree Marketplace Configuring SPF Records Fraud Tools Payment Methods PayPal Here Recurring Billing Updating Account Information Risk and Security Overview Chargebacks and Retrievals Compliance Control Panel Security Risk Factors Underwriting Allowlisting Braintreepayments.com | Developer Docs Status Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Privacy Policy | Legal