Drive Higher Conversion | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Drive Higher Conversion Make it easy for your buyers to pay with innovative payments solutions for web and mobile. Braintree can help you: • Create a seamless payments experience • Offer the most popular payment methods • Improve customer loyalty and brand affinity Connect with our Sales team Reduce friction at checkout Our checkout is designed to be seamless and secure -- whether you choose our ready-made UI or tailor-make your own. Give buyers a checkout with fewer clicks and a friction-free user experience that can help reduce cart abandonment, increase conversion rates, and encourage repeat business. Explore our end-to-end payments solution +30% mobile revenue* Digital retailer Jane.com increased its revenue by 30% after integrating PayPal One Touch™. Watch the Jane.com story *Data based on the business’s own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. Let buyers pay how they want Braintree is the only way to offer your buyers the most popular payment methods -- including PayPal, Venmo (in the US), credit and debit cards, and digital wallets -- in a single integration. Offer the highest-converting digital wallet PayPal leads the way in online wallet payment volume,1 and outperforms the conversion rates of other digital wallets by up to 60%.2 Increase orders with social selling Tap into the millennial market with Venmo -- 50% of Venmo users have made at least one online or in-store purchase after seeing it on a friend’s social feed.3 Accept the most popular payment methods Add credit and debit cards, popular digital wallets, and local payment methods such as ACH Direct Debit and UnionPay to your checkout -- all in one integration. Learn more about payment methods Deliver next-generation commerce experiences Innovation is at the core of everything we do, and we’re constantly evolving to deliver what’s next in online commerce. Drive higher conversion through new distribution channels and deepen customer engagement with reward programs and other value-added services. Learn more about connecting with partners +20% increase in conversion* Travel-booking platform Skyscanner saw a 20% uplift in booking conversion and up to 100% uplift in ancillary purchases with Braintree. Read the Skyscanner story *Data based on the business’s own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. Approve more orders Help reduce false positives with tools that can help you detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Explore our Fraud tools Optimize your business with key insights Connect and integrate seamlessly with popular third-party service providers that can help your business get smarter and grow smarter. Learn more about third-party integrations Drive higher conversion Reach more buyers in more places Find out how Streamline business operations Find out how Mitigate risk and keep payment data secure Find out how 1. Koski Research: The Future of Money, Spring 2018. Online survey of 1,000 US adults 18 and over, balanced on gender, income, and generation. 200 older Gen Zers (16-20) not included in total. Results are not weighted. 2. comScore Study of Large Merchant Checkouts April 2018 3. Kelton Research: Digital trends impacting commerce, September 2018. Online survey of 2,115 US adults 18 and over; quotas set to ensure a nationally representative sample that matched US Census fallout on age, gender, and ethnicity. Connect with our Sales team Find out how Braintree can help your business increase conversion rates. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal