Reach More Buyers | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Reach More Buyers in More Places Get the technology, expertise, and insights you need to sell to more people -- and in more ways. Braintree can help you: • Accelerate growth and opportunity • Unlock the power of partnerships • Find new revenue streams Connect with our Sales team Take your business further Reach new segments with a single integration that gives you access to multiple currencies, global markets, and popular payment methods including PayPal, Venmo (in the US), cards, wallets, and more in a single integration. Access 250+ million active PayPal accounts in 200+ markets 130+ currencies 45+ countries/regions Explore our end-to-end payments solution 40% of international buyers choose PayPal* After beauty-product retailer Beautylish added PayPal to its checkout, the company learned that 40% of cross-border buyers -- many of them first-time buyers -- were checking out via PayPal. Read the Beautylish story *Data based on the business’s own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. Up to +100% uplift in ancillary purchases* Braintree Extend allows travel-booking platform Skyscanner to share payment information with airlines so buyers can book a flight directly on Skyscanner’s platform without being redirected -- leading to up to 100% uplift in ancillary purchases. Read the Skyscanner story *Data based on the business’s own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. Sell in new channels and new markets Tap into new distribution channels, new geographies, and new revenue streams -- all while keeping buyers’ payment data secure. Sell products or add-ons via partner platforms with contextual commerce Incentivize engagement with rewards and loyalty programs Process with local entities while maintaining a consistent experience Learn more about connecting with partners Simplify cross-border commerce With both flat-rate and interchange pricing available, plus the world’s most popular payment methods including PayPal, cards, wallets, and more, we make it easy to sell just about anywhere with a single integration. Learn more about payment methods Grow your global footprint Put our payments experience to work for you. Our relationships with local banks in the many regions we support can help you optimize acceptance rates, set up new currencies, and expand into new markets. Learn more about going global Seize the mobile opportunity Multiply your points of contact and give the six billion people projected to be using smartphones by 20201 a first-class, friction-free payment experience. Learn more about creating a seamless checkout Drive higher conversion Find out how Reach more buyers in more places Streamline business operations Find out how Mitigate risk and keep payment data secure Find out how 2. IHS Markit analysis, published January 2017 by IHS Markit Connect with our Sales team Find out how Braintree can help your business increase conversion rates. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal