Mitigate Risk | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Mitigate Risk and Keep Payments Data Secure Get peace of mind with a payments partner that can help you fight fraudulent transactions, keep payment data secure, and take the pain out of PCI compliance. Braintree can help you: • Protect against fraudulent transactions • Keep buyers’ information secure and simplify PCI compliance • Securely share payments data with trusted partners Connect with our Sales team Approve more orders while helping to prevent fraud loss From basic fraud tools like AVS, CVV, and risk thresholds, to more advanced options like 3D Secure and solutions that leverage big-data analytics and cutting-edge machine learning, we’ve got you covered. Explore our Fraud tools 50% reduction in chargebacks* Just six months after integrating with Braintree, Hype DC cut chargebacks by half. Read the Hype DC story *Data based on the business’s own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. 73% of shoppers value security Nearly 3 in 4 shoppers claim security is more important than convenience when shopping online.1 1. Kelton Research: Digital trends impacting commerce, September 2018. Online survey of 2,115 US adults 18 and over; quotas set to ensure a nationally representative sample that matched US Census fallout on age, gender, and ethnicity. Keep payments data secure As a validated Level 1 PCI DSS compliant service provider, Braintree lets you easily create a secure checkout experience with our ready-built payments interface that’s eligible for SAQ-A PCI compliance validation. Learn more about data security and PCI compliance Build an ecosystem of trusted partners Securely share payment data and payments information with trusted third parties without increasing PCI compliance validation scope. Integrate with specialized fraud services Ensure redundancy and high availability Maintain greater control and management of shared payment methods Learn more about connecting with partners Get expert advice and guidance Put our experience to work. We’ll help you mitigate risk by connecting you with available in-house and partner experts who can advise on best practices, alerts, chargeback levels, compliance mandates, card attacks, and more. Learn more about white-glove support Drive higher conversion Find out how Reach more buyers in more places Find out how Streamline business operations Find out how Mitigate risk and keep payment data secure Connect with our Sales team Find out how Braintree can help your business increase conversion rates. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal