Braintree Extend | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend is a flexible set of data-sharing tools that help you securely connect with partners or service providers so you can manage and help grow your business. Braintree merchant Share payment data with partners via the Braintree Vault Third-party partner Capture new customers by creating new opportunities to buy Today’s consumers expect brands to find them wherever they are. By applying Braintree Extend to create in-context commerce experiences, your business can reach new audiences by building native checkout flows in the places where they’re primed to buy from you. Build commerce experiences alongside partner content customers trust Bundle your offering with companion products or services to enable simultaneous purchases Deliver a checkout experience that looks and feels like wherever a customer is buying Skyscanner: Seamless payments to multiple partners with no redirects Travel-booking platform Skyscanner uses Braintree Extend to let travelers research, choose, and immediately book itineraries without redirecting to airlines or other partner sites, driving a 20% uplift in booking conversion.* Travelers can book directly on Skyscanner using their preferred payment method already on file used to complete purchases from third-party airlines, hotels, and other merchants through Skyscanner. Read the Skyscanner story *Data based on the business’ own internal analysis. Results may not be typical and may vary substantially by business. Optimize and protect your payment workflow Layer additional security and flexibility into every transaction. Braintree Extend allows merchants to securely share the most sensitive customer and payment data with third-party fraud services or secondary vault providers. Streamline the secure sharing of sensitive data Realize hassle-free connectivity to partners in your payments ecosystem Maximize the intrinsic value of every transaction without sacrificing front-end experience Specialized fraud detection Ticket seller Vivid Seats uses Braintree Extend to share data with a highly specialized fraud-detection partner to help prevent loss. Mirror data in a secondary vault and processor Online electronics retailer Monoprice uses Braintree Extend to mirror the data in its primary Braintree vault in a secondary vault and processor, giving them redundancy to help maximize availability. Create purchase incentives and reward repeat customers Maximize relationships with existing buyers and help improve customer acquisition. Braintree Extend connects merchants to rewards and loyalty partners that can help incentivize purchases and keep customers coming back. Help motivate first-time customers to buy Reward customers for repeat purchases and loyalty Gain an edge against your competitors with customer incentives Real-time cash rebates at the point of sale Braintree Extend helps power Yelp Cash Back, Yelp’s card-linked loyalty program, that rewards shoppers and diners at the point of sale and is used by thousands of retailers. How it works Braintree Extend is a robust data sharing toolkit that enables merchants to grow their payments ecosystem by creating secure connections to partners. Here’s an example of how Braintree Extend could be leveraged to power a travel experience across channels with seamless payments. 1 Booking a flight Michelle is attending a music festival in California, and she’s just found a great deal on a flight through Skyscanner. Rather than being redirected to the airline’s site to complete her purchase, she books directly on Skyscanner. 2 Adding ticket insurance Prior to purchasing her flight, Michelle decides to also purchase ticket insurance just in case something comes up. At checkout she’s able to buy both her ticket and insurance simultaneously with a single click. 3 Behind the scenes Without impeding Michelle’s seamless checkout experience, the merchant leveraged a custom fraud prevention solution during the transaction for added fraud detection at checkout. 4 Getting to the airport When Michelle hails a ride-sharing service to take her to the airport, she’s notified about a rewards offer linked to her credit card. Because this is her 10th ride, she gets it for free. 5 Enjoying the experience Michelle enters the festival with an RFID-enabled wristband that’s linked to her card, and throughout the day she’s able to buy food, drinks, and souvenirs from vendors with the tap of her wrist -- no wallet required. Want to do more with Braintree Extend? Tell us a little about your business and we’ll help you leverage your strategic partnerships. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Brief description of your business and/or desired solution Brief description of your business and/or desired solution is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address above. Please check the box to continue. I’m ready to do more Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal