Merchant Fraud Protection Tools | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Game-changing fraud protection In addition to basic fraud tools like AVS, CVV, and risk thresholds, Fraud Protection requires no additional integration* and gives you more insight and control to: Minimize chargebacks Decades of intelligence harnessed from Braintree and PayPal offer better insight, leading to more accurate fraud detection to help reduce losses Reduce false positives Industry-recognized machine learning powers customized filters and real-time actionable filter recommendations to keep you ahead of evolving fraud and help maximize revenue Reduce friction Automatically approve or reject transactions based on your unique business needs by customizing and testing filter thresholds through an intuitive user interface 60% average reduction in fraud losses with no impact on overall approval rate** 2X improvement in fraud detection on average without impacting approval rate** 50% reduction in false positives across all transactions analyzed** Contact Sales to learn more * Minor integration changes may be required for existing Braintree customers to pass device data. **The above metrics are provided for illustrative purposes only and are based on data analysis of an offline fraud protection model performed on 700 Braintree merchants for card and Pay with PayPal transactions in November and December 2018. Loss rates were calculated post-decisioning from merchant’s current fraud solution. These metrics are intended to represent potential results that may be achieved through the use of Fraud Protection. Results may not be typical and individual customer results may vary. Next-generation authentication Shift chargeback liability to card issuers on eligible transactions and meet Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) requirements with our low-friction 3D Secure 2 solution. Explore 3D Secure 2 Looking for a new fraud solution? Make sure you’re asking the right questions. Read the article Available integrations with specialized fraud tools Fraud Protection Through custom, out-of-the-box filters, actionable filter recommendations, and the ability to simulate the impact of filters prior to activating, Fraud Protection adapts as your business and fraud evolve. Learn more Kount Custom Assign your own rules, set up review queues and auto-decisioning, and more with Kount’s customizable solution. Learn more Ready to discuss your fraud strategy? Connect with our Sales team. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal