Payment Methods | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Payment Methods The only payments platform that gives you access to PayPal, Venmo (in the US), credit and debit cards, the most relevant wallets and local payment methods, plus buy now, pay later options in a single integration. Offer the leading digital wallets PayPal, Venmo, Apple Pay, Google Pay, and more. A single, simple integration For all available payment methods -- both today and in the future. Optimized for web and mobile Give buyers a seamless checkout experience across devices. Save time and resources With consolidated technical and operational flows for all payment types. Payment preferences matter Braintree helps you offer the payment methods your customers want most without complicating your checkout or wasting valuable development resources. 78% agree they’re more likely to shop with an online retailer if they see the logo of their preferred payment type.1 1. Kelton Research: Digital trends impacting commerce, September 2018. Online survey of 2,115 U.S. Adults 18 and over. Quotas were set to ensure a nationally representative sample that matched fallout for the U.S. Census on age, gender, and ethnicity. Drive higher conversion and get access to over 265 million active PayPal accounts when you add the most widely adopted global digital wallet to your checkout. Learn more Unlock new opportunities and drive word-of-mouth awareness with the most social peer-to-peer mobile wallet app in the US. Learn more Credit and debit cards Accept most major credit and debit card brands from across the globe to create the foundation of your checkout flow. Learn more Digital wallets Get access to the most widely adopted digital wallets, including Apple Pay, Google Pay, Samsung Pay, and more. Learn more Local payment methods Go global but be local -- easily offer the most relevant local payment types to your customers. Learn more Buy now, pay later Help increase sales and average order values by offering and promoting flexible, pay later options to customers. Learn more Ready to accept the most popular ways to pay? Connect with our Sales team. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Contact Sales By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal