Resources Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Resources The right payments partner can help you simplify your checkout, minimize security concerns, grow globally, and provide new experiences for your customers. The following resources are part of Braintree's commitment to keeping our partners ahead of the payments curve. 2018 Global Payments Report: Digital wallets are changing how the world does business. Use our interactive map to see which countries/regions offer the most opportunity. 8 Filter by category: View all User experience Fraud & security Mobile commerce Payment methods Contextual commerce Case studies View all article Why Relevant Local Payment Methods are Key to Optimizing Global Expansion A strong LPM strategy can be the difference between reaching more customers and losing the ones you already have. Read more article PSD2: Strong Customer Authentication Explained Questions about SCA and how to prepare? Start here. Read more article 3D Secure 2: Next-generation Authentication Get details on the industry-standard solution for meeting PSD2’s Strong Customer Authentication (SCA) requirements. Read more article How SCA Applies to Common Payment Scenarios Authentication will vary based on transaction types and business models. Here, we take a closer look at how SCA can be applied to some common payment scenarios and flows. Read more article 5 Questions to Ask When Choosing a Fraud Solution Ecommerce fraud can be devastating to your business and your brand. Get the answers to these questions before you choose a solution. Read more webinar The Social Commerce Playbook: How to Leverage the Next Evolution of the Sharing Economy to Help Turn Connections Into Transactions In this on-demand webinar, you’ll learn about the powerful combination of social media and ecommerce, its potential impact on businesses like yours, and how you can leverage it to help drive brand loyalty -- and even revenue. Get access whitepaper From Clicks to Bricks: Why In-person Retail Is the Ecommerce Trend You Can’t Afford to Miss The next wave of ecommerce is about blending in-store with digital -- and being in the right places for your customers. Read more whitepaper Social Commerce: The Evolution of the Sharing Economy How can your business tap into commerce and social while also driving brand loyalty? Read more infographic Rethinking Retail: How the Next Generation of Shoppers Is Redefining the In-store Experience Gen Z is shaking up retail by expecting the best of digital and physical from online merchants. Read more whitepaper 2018 Global Payments Report: The Digital Wallet Opportunity Around the World Our first global payments report. See why businesses are looking to digital wallets to expand internationally and increase their global markets. Read more infographic Store, Spend, Share: How PayPal and Venmo Are Reshaping Buyer Behavior Unlock the power of digital wallets. Read more infographic The True Cost of Data Breaches: It’s More Than You Think How much could it cost your business? Read more whitepaper New to Payments? Find Easy Answers to the Most Commonly Asked Questions Everything you need to know about payments. Read more whitepaper Navigating a New Era of Payments The digital landscape is constantly changing. How can merchants stay on top of the trends and make the most of their payments process? Read more article 7 Questions to Ask When Choosing a Payments Processor Are you getting the most value from your current payments partner? These questions can help you find out. Read more infographic Why You Can’t Afford to Ignore the Social Commerce Trend Don’t let your business get left out of the conversation. Read more whitepaper Every Department Benefits from Rethinking Payments Today's online buyers expect a lot from their payment experience. How can rethinking payments benefit your entire organization? Read more infographic 3 Revenue Killers Explore the common ways revenue can be lost -- and see how the right payments partner can help you avoid them. Read more article Ready for the Next Wave of Social Commerce? 4 Trends to Track Capture the next generation of buyers by harnessing the power of social media. Read more whitepaper Payment Authorization: Getting Customers Through the Final Stretch When it comes to purchases, how can you make sure your customers are following through? Read more whitepaper Are You Leaving Money on the Table? Why Improving Payments Is Key for B2B Is your B2B or SaaS company meeting customers' expectations when it comes to paying for your products or services? Find out how a payments partner like Braintree can help your B2B company better navigate the evolving payments landscape. Read more article Putting the Power of Social Commerce to Work for Your Brand What can leveraging social media do for your ecommerce business? Read more article These 4 Ecommerce Strategies Are a Must to Help Build Trust There's more to gaining customer trust than building a strong brand. Learn how to understand consumers' ecommerce needs and provide a hassle-free checkout. Read more infographic 5 Trends in Giving The ways people are giving are changing. Learn about trends in giving and how Braintree can help you leverage the power of online donations. Read more webinar Seamless + Secure: How Improving Your Checkout Experience Can Help Prevent Revenue Loss In this on-demand webinar, you'll learn about ways to help prevent revenue loss, how to process transactions securely without sacrificing customer experience, and more. Get access article The Key to Cross-border Commerce? It May Be Simpler than You Think When it comes to payments, the data shows less may actually be more. Read more whitepaper How to Offer a Seamless Checkout While Helping to Prevent Revenue Loss Nearly every merchant has the same end goal: to increase revenue. This often requires an organization to rethink the way it does payments. Read more article 5 Ways Nonprofits and Charities Can Engage Millennial Donors Nonprofits that want to grow and thrive need to find ways to connect with millennials. How can payments help you capture their attention? Read more whitepaper A Guide to Interchange Plus in the US A little insight into interchange -- and the many variables that affect how much it costs to process a credit or debit card transaction -- can translate into ongoing savings. Read more article The Experience Equation: How Your Checkout Impacts Sales Busy consumers want quick, convenient digital experiences, but what does that friction-free checkout experience look like? Read more infographic B2B Buyers Are Going Digital. Will Your Business Meet Them There? Stay on top of B2B trends and meet your buyers’ expectations. Read more webinar How Nonprofits and Charities Can Tap into the Power of Digital Donations In this on-demand webinar, you'll learn about key trends in online giving, potential donation detours, and the ways a payments partner can help you take advantage of new opportunities. Get access webinar How Retailers Can Navigate a New Era of Payments In this on-demand webinar, you'll learn how to turn mobile users into loyal customers, improve checkout speed for better conversion, minimize the impact of fraud, expand reach with digital wallets, and pave the way for contextual commerce. Get access whitepaper Donors Go Digital: How Nonprofits and Charities Can Tap into the Power of Online Payments The rise of the internet presents nonprofits and charities with a wealth of opportunities. How can organizations fully leverage the power of online transactions and donations? Read more article B2B Buyer Expectations Are Changing. Is Your Business Ready? How can your company bring a B2C touch to your B2B business? Read more article Why Mobile Optimization May Not Be Enough Online mobile retail is revolutionizing the way consumers shop. But are merchants doing enough to meet their customers’ evolving needs? Read more infographic How Millennials Are Transforming Ecommerce Tech-savvy, smartphone-devoted, social platform-connected millennial shoppers are leading the charge toward an ecommerce revolution. Read more case study Laying Down a Scalable Solution with Casper We sat down on a very comfortable mattress with Casper Co-founder and CTO, Gabriel Flateman and Senior Developer, Clive Walmsley to discuss the company’s explosive growth since processing their first dollar with Braintree. Watch whitepaper How to Choose a Payment Processing Platform that Drives Success When done well, payment processing becomes a force for business success. It can remove the friction that gets in the way of customers making payments, reduce the headaches involved with PCI compliance and fraud detection, and smooth the way for your business to expand globally. Read more whitepaper How to Capitalize on the Global Digital Wallet Opportunity Across the globe, digital wallets are now the leading form of payment for online shoppers. The key to capitalizing on this? Taking advantage of a payments partner like Braintree, which helps you cater to changing consumer preferences and the growing digital wallet market and helps make it easier to expand your business. Read more case study Making It Seamless to Buy and Sell with Marketplacer We sat down with Jason Wyatt, Managing Director at Australian-based Marketplacer, which started with the simple idea of creating a place to sell all things cycling, and transformed it into a powerful marketplace platform -- helping other businesses to succeed on the same path. Watch infographic It Pays to Rethink Payments The right payments solution can help you simplify your checkout, minimize security concerns, and provide new experiences for your customers. If you want to grow your business, it’s time to rethink your payments. Read more video Give Consumers the Simplicity They Want: Friction-Free Commerce Customers today expect friction-free experiences. Does your company measure up? Watch case study Unpacking a Mobile Solution with Boxed We chatted with Boxed co-founder and CEO Chieh Huang to learn about the company and why they chose to partner with Braintree for payments. Watch video The Two Most Important Letters to Your Bottom Line: UX When customers are choosing a brand, user experience is an essential part of the decision. Watch infographic Kount’s Mobile Payments & Fraud 2017 Report Discover insights derived from Braintree fraud protection partner Kount's annual Mobile Payments and Fraud Survey to help you develop your mobile payments and fraud strategy -- including how Braintree can help you achieve that. Read more case study Fashioning a Seamless Mobile Experience with Jane.com Mike McEwan, CEO of Jane.com, talks about the impact that integrating with Braintree had on the retailer's mobile business. Watch video No Business Is Too Small a Target for Cyber Thieves No company is too small to be in the crosshairs of hackers and cyber criminals. Watch case study Checking in on Growth with Hotel Tonight We sat down with Hotel Tonight CEO and co-founder Sam Shank and VP of Product Amanda Richardson to chat about mobile commerce, Braintree's SDKs, and the growth they've seen with Braintree. Watch case study Offering Fresh Choices at Checkout with Harris Farm Markets We spoke to James Kerridge, Head of Marketing & Ecommerce, and Angus Harris, Co-CEO at Harris Farm Markets about how Braintree helped them expand while still maintaining a highly personal shopping experience. Watch case study Stomping out Fraud with Hype DC By partnering with Braintree, Hype DC was able to take advantage of our commitment to data security and our comprehensive suite of advanced fraud tools to help prevent chargebacks and fraud. Read more case study Streamlining Global Payments with Nokia Health Nokia Health needed to streamline its checkout experience globally and offer customers the payment methods they were looking for. So they came to Braintree. Read more Show more Sign up for our newsletter. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal