Our Merchants | Braintree Payments Skip to main content You are viewing content for . View content for other locations. × Braintree Payments Homepage Search Hit ESC to close From braintreepayments.com Developer Docs What are Developer Docs? See detailed integration guides and API reference documentation for Braintree's SDKs. More in Developer Docs Support Articles What are Support Articles? Learn the basics of payments, how to best use Braintree features for your business, and what you can do to keep payments secure. More in Support Articles Braintree Payments Homepage Why Braintree Drive conversion Reduce friction to boost sales. Expand your reach Grow your market share globally. Increase efficiency Streamline business operations. Help mitigate risk Get peace of mind for your business. Products Braintree Direct Accept online payments The all-in-one solution for selling products or services. Auth Connect and give permission to trusted third parties. Braintree Extend Do more with your payments data Data-sharing tools to help you manage and scale your business. Marketplace Payments for marketplace businesses. Pricing Customized pricing based on your business size and model. Explore pricing Features Fraud Tools Help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions. Learn more | 3D Secure 2 Data Security Safeguard your customer's information. Payment Methods Accept cards, PayPal, Venmo (in the US), and more. Reporting Get key transaction insights. Global Scale Reach customers all over the world. Payouts Pay your sellers and freelancers globally. In-store Payments Go from e-tail to retail with POS tools. Learn Resources Stay ahead of the payments curve. Blog Get Braintree updates, industry news, and more. Support Articles Learn about processing with Braintree. Our Merchants Browse real merchant success stories. Developer Docs Check out our integration documentation. Search Get help Log in Control Panel View and manage transactions, access reporting, and enable features for your account. Log in Looking for Sandbox? Log in or sign up Contact Sales United States Caret right Andorra Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Guernsey Hong Kong SAR, China Hungary Iceland Isle of Man Italy Ireland Jersey Latvia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Malaysia Malta Monaco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania San Marino Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States Payments Our Merchants Contact Sales Why Braintree Drive conversion Increase efficiency Expand your reach Help mitigate risk Products Accept payments Braintree Direct Do more with your payments data Braintree Extend Other products Auth Marketplace Features Fraud Tools Data Security Payment Methods Reporting Global Scale Payouts In-store Payments Learn Resources Blog Support Articles Our Merchants Global Payments Report Developer Docs Get help Log in Braintree Merchants We power payments for some of the biggest brands across the globe, in almost every industry you can imagine. “Their speed to market and jaw-dropping, amazing customer experience has made working with them a pleasure.” - Sam Shank, CEO Read the Hotel Tonight story “With Braintree as a partner, we're providing our restaurant customers with state-of-the-art security.” - Elizabeth Casey, senior director of product management Read the OpenTable story “Braintree was really collaborative and flexible in terms of helping us build settings unique to StubHub into the integration.” - Marcus Shelksohn, senior product manager of mobile apps Read the StubHub story Braintree helps Uber expand internationally and scale payments seamlessly. Read the Uber story Braintree merchant Poshmark adds Venmo as a payment option, and customers can't get enough. Read the Poshmark story Partnering with Braintree brings Casper explosive growth without the day-to-day hassle of transactional issues. Watch the Casper story In need of a simple and scalable integration, Trouva partners with Braintree to streamline payments and increase conversion rates. Read the Trouva story Customer demand for PayPal leads Beautylish to integrate Braintree's SDKs and reap the benefits. Read the Beautylish story Integrating with Braintree helps Jane.com drive more revenue through a seamless mobile checkout flow. Watch the Jane story Animoto employs Braintree's recurring billing tools to increase subscription renewals and build their customer base. Read the Animoto story Harris Farm Markets grows its business by giving customers a secure, flexible payments experience with Braintree. Watch the Harris Farm Markets story In Braintree, Boxed finds a partner they can grow with and a simple mobile payments experience their customers rave about. Watch the Boxed story LevelUp helps save its merchants over $100K and the headache of security concerns with Braintree. Read the LevelUp story An intuitive payment process powered by Braintree helps keep Marketplacer's platform running smoothly -- and their conversion rates high. Watch the Marketplacer story OLO turns to Braintree to handle its PCI compliant Card-on-File feature -- decreasing order abandonment. Read the OLO story As Punchbowl seeks an easy-to-integrate solution to their growing business needs, they look to Braintree. Read the Punchbowl story With Braintree, PayPal, and a mobile-first approach, Haftpflicht Helden continues to disrupt and grow. Read the Haftpflicht Helden story Braintree succeeds in becoming Server Density's single provider for all things payment throughout the world. Read the Server Density story Arriva streamlines in-app payments with Braintree and sees a huge move in sales. Read the Arriva story With Braintree and PayPal, Noissue scales seamlessly to serve international customers -- and drive a huge overall leap in conversions. Read the Noissue story Through a single integration with Braintree, Snapfish can quickly set up payment processing services in new countries/regions and expand their global reach. Read the Snapfish story With Braintree, Skyscanner provides a seamless purchase experience and sees sales take flight. Read the Skyscanner story Krispy Kreme serves up frictionless payments and an improved mobile UI, raising conversion rates and customer satisfaction. Read the Krispy Kreme story Starhub’s giga! puts customers and security first with the help of Braintree. Read the giga story Tediber partnered with Braintree in one simple integration and now provides a frictionless checkout experience. Read the Tediber story Who else uses Braintree? We’re glad you asked. Join the thousands of merchants who trust Braintree for their payments. Contact our Sales team today. First name First name is required Last name Last name is required Company name Company name is required Invalid Company name Email address Email address is required Invalid Email Title Title is required Currency Select One USD AUD CAD CHF EUR GBP required Total online volume Total online volume is required I agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Please check the box to continue. Submit By completing this form, I have read and acknowledged the Privacy Statement and agree that Braintree may contact me at the email address or phone number above. Scale your business with Braintree. Try the sandbox WHY BRAINTREE Drive conversion Grow your reach Increase efficiency Help mitigate risk PRODUCTS Braintree Direct Braintree Extend Braintree Auth Braintree Marketplace Pricing FEATURES Fraud Tools 3D Secure Data Security PCI Compliance Reporting Payouts Global Scale In-store Payments White-Glove Support Third-Party Integrations PAYMENT METHODS PayPal Venmo Credit/Debit Cards Digital Wallets Local Payment Methods All Payment Methods LEARN Resources Our Merchants Blog Developer Docs Support Articles GET STARTED Contact Sales Sandbox FAQ COMPANY About Braintree Contact Us Careers Press API Status Site Map Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Email Preferences | Privacy Statement | Legal